Abstract
~~~~~~~~
SSD1963 is a user-space driver library for the so-named display controller chip
by Solomon Systech.

It provides functions to initialize and control the Framebuffer on that chip as
well as setting up frequencies, display timings and the bus from the controller
to the LCD.

About the controller
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The SSD1963 is an LCD controller with an inbuilt framebuffer of 1215 KiB to
hold the RGB values for each pixel. It supports quite a set of commands that
allow to easily manipulate what's shown on the LCD without changing the actual
data in the framebuffer.

This library provides access to all the documenten commands the controller
supports.

Example
~~~~~~~
ssd-cat.c provides a basic example of how to use the ssd1963.h header. It uses
the GPIO settings defined in ssd-gpio-rpi.h to communicate with the controller
via GPIO pins (8 for the data / cmd bus and 3 for read/write/command control).
It also assumes an ITDB02-4.3 display to be connected to the RPi, though the
only thing necessary to change would be the display definition, see itdb02.h
for those already defined and ssd1963.h, struct ssd_display for reference.

Those display by ITead Studios also contain a touch controller which can be
talked to using SPI which the Raspberry Pi supports natively. It's bus lines
can also be connected to the Raspberry Pi, though the pins currently used by
ssd-gpio-rpi.h will need to be changed.

There even is a driver for the touch controller XPT2046 in the kernel, called
ads7846. At

	http://karlchenofhell.org/kram/spi-touch-controller-3.2.27.patch

a patch for the Raspbian Linux Kernel 3.2.27 may be found which attaches the
appropriate driver to the SPI bus and provides the initial platform_data
required by the ads7846 driver to identify the touch controller.

Author
~~~~~~
Author of this code is Franz Brau√üe.

The homepage currently is http://karlchenofhell.org/kram.php?part=ssd1963

This code is available under the BSD 2-clause license which is to be found in
the LICENSE file.
